add RMFR8 - Category: Composition - End-of-life resource versions (#1419)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/specs-defs/specs/shared/_index.md

<br>

> #### ID: RMFR8 - Category: Composition - End-of-life resource versions

Reviewer: I think we need to cover the possibility that the entire resource is EoL. Rather than just configuration.

Author: Good point, shouldn't that be a separate requirement though? My thinking is that we should have a full-blown module deprecation/retirement process defined for this scenario. RMFR8 is not aiming for that all. I can take the action and start drafting something for the full module retirement scenario which we can then discuss internally first.

Reviewer: Happy with this approach

> When a given version of an Azure resource used in a resource module reaches its end-of-life (EOL) and is no longer supported by Microsoft, the module owner **MUST** ensure that:

Author: ```suggestion
When a given version of an Azure resource used in a resource module reaches its end-of-life (EOL) and is no longer supported by Microsoft, the module owner **SHOULD** ensure that:
```

> 1. The module is aligned with these changes and only includes supported versions of the resource. (This is typically achieved through the allowed values in the parameter that specifies the resource version.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The module is aligned with these changes and only includes supported versions of the resource. This is is typically achieved through the allowed values in the parameter that specifies the resource SKU or type.
```

> 2. The following notice is shown under the `Notes` section of the module's `readme.md`. (If any related public announcement is available, it can also be linked to from the Notes section.):

Author: Can you please clarify which releases section you're referring to? I agree to your point this information becoming obsolete over time and having a good practice for handling its relevance accordingly - but the notes section might be the most obvious place for this that is attached directly to the module. Also, having the blurb in both point 2 and 3 was agreed on in our weekly call, so I would just go with it. To incorporate your PoV though, I think we could add a time stamp and/or mention the version, so it is clear. What do you think?

    > "Certain versions of this Azure resource reached their end of life. The latest version of this module only includes supported versions of the resource. All unsupported versions have been removed from the related parameters."
3. AND the related parameter's description:

>     > "Certain versions of this Azure resource reached their end of life. The latest version of this module only includes supported versions of the resource. All unsupported versions have been removed from this parameter."

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary.

Author: This was also agreed on internally, I just ended up being the one writing it down. :) I think having it in the parameter makes sense, as there's no way not to see it - this was probably the main argument of whoever came up with it.
